When you put the power in somebody else's hands, it's a lot more
comfortable. Of course. Generally speaking.

Because you can hold them accountable, you can blame it on them.
Right, but to have faith within yourself is very, not only scary, but
if you look at anyone who's ever accomplished anything in this
lifetime, they've always had faith in themselves. I'm not sourcing
this faith from somewhere else.

It's coming from in here. The understanding that you are experiencing
the illusion of separation while being an interconnected collective of
consciousness. The future exists in fields of probability.

Therefore, every aspect of the moment that allows for the free will of
humans to come together. When someone's consciousness isn't ready,
they won't even be able to hear you. I'd like to welcome to the show,
Asil Toksal.

How are you doing, Asil? Good, Alex. How are you?

I'm doing good, my friend. Thank you so much for coming down to Next
Level Soul Studios. I've been really looking forward to meeting you
and having this conversation.

Well, I've been seeing you a lot on social media, and I've been
wondering when it'll be time for us to have a chat. Yeah, and it's so
funny because normally I get inundated with requests to be on the
show, but you're one of the people that I actually found in my feed,
in my world. You just came across and then I actively pursued you to
come on the show because you don't do many interviews.

You have done very few over the last four or five years. That's right.
So we've been very focused on building the organization and building
the community and then eventually we realized okay it needs a lot of
PR to to get the word out not just delivery not really active talking
about it in the public eye mm-hmm so I'm happy to be here yes I'm very
happy to have you I'm'm looking forward to it.

So so your work your spiritual work Spawns from your channeling
essentially, right you have it you are channeling you channel then
Then enough in the theme. I can never say the name. So I channel the
Elohim Elohim.

Thank you Right and also angelic beings it all started with Emmanuel
He was the first angelic being that i connected with that basically
spoke through me or to me and then it evolved into other angelic
beings and now i'm a channel for the elohim so before we go down that
road what was your life like before this insanity that came into your
life of channeling the little me lily i can never say the name elohim
elohim elohim thank you uh before you started channeling the elohim
yeah and talking about angels and all of this kind of you know insane
it's it's insane it's all insane it's nuts it's nuts so what was your
life like before this came into your life very grounded grounded. So
I'm a trained scientist and engineer from Austria. Okay.

So very particular conditioned mind, right? An Austrian engineer
scientist. That's exactly right.

That's exactly right. I have the picture in my head. Yes.

And so that life, you know, took me on a journey of being academic and
then also being an entrepreneur. I started a couple of companies and I
was pretty much in digital marketing and advertising for a solid 10
plus, 15 plus years. And it was something that I was good at, but that
doesn't mean it made me happy.

Right. People come and pat on your shoulder and they say wow you've
got the dream life man and i'm thinking well why am i not feeling it
then right and this and a good friend of mine that was visiting me uh
when i was doing an expat stint in singapore he basically came to me
and he said aseel, you might be living a dream life, but it's someone
else's dream life. It's not yours.

And that really struck a chord in my heart. And I thought, he's right.
This is not my dream life.

It doesn't matter how valuable it would be for someone else, but
something is not right. And I'm getting, I'm starting to get sick. I'm
starting to be depressed.

I'm starting to really feel a pressure from spirit or from my soul to
have a drastic change without knowing where the next step will lead
me. And that is terrifying for everyone in your circle, in my circle,
right? They basically say, oh my God, have a plan at least.

I'm like, No, this is not how it works. You don't make a plan and then
let go. So you burned the you burned the boats?

I did at the shore. I did. I jumped off the cliff of the metaphorical
metaphor.

Yeah, wow. That's that takes, as they say, my language, cojones, sir.
I thought at that time, I was, I had almost no option.

And the option. But what drew you to that? What made you think that,
like, I know you were living someone else's dream life, but a lot of
people have that feeling.

Yeah. What caused you to take that action, that step, that I'm going
to burn the bridge, I'm going to burn everything behind me, and
forward is the only way. I can't go back so here's the thing i i had i
had vested interest in an advertising agency and i was in a very good
position and i was doing really well with big clients and corporations
i was getting more and more depressed every morning going to work was
just a drag.

And I went to a psychotherapist because I thought maybe I need
professional help. And the therapist sat down with me and he said, you
know, young man, and he was an older guy from Singapore. He said, you
know, I think you don't need medication.

You need a lifestyle change. What you're doing may not be what your
heart wants to do. So I recommend you think about how life would look
like if this is not what you do.

And I thought about it. It felt to me like I want to travel. I want to
explore spirituality.

I want to understand all the different ways humanity is connected to
spirit in its most authentic, in its most pristine, in its most
intense ways. The most authentic teachers that I can find. I want to
understand how all of these traditions came to be.

So that was kind of the spark that excited me. So that was kind of the
spark that excited me. And the terror of letting go of a life that has
been created was mitigated by the excitement of what could be.

And that's the balance that we have to deal with because a lot of
times the fear is so much more than what if. Yes. The what if.

I had to do it with this show. I was terrified. And I had to take the
jump where I'm like, I have to go all in.

And that's when things started to change when I took the leap. But
it's scary. How was it for you with your community, friends and
family?

Did they think you lost your mind a bit? Well, I did it in a way that
I was still doing my old job, which was filmmaking, a filmmaking
podcast. So as I did that, I kind of quietly did the show, I launched
April of 2021.

But only start taking it seriously, seriously in January of 2022. And
we had 989 subscribers then. And that's when I said, we're going all
in, I'm going to build a set, I'm gonna get a camera, I'm going to do
this, right.

And that's when I said, we're going all in. I'm going to build a set.
I'm going to get a camera.

I'm going to do this right. And then I started doing three, four
episodes a week, just like, just take it seriously, grind it out. And
I had no attachment to outcome.

But I've lost friends. People fell, as they say, people fell off the
game board. New people come onto the game board, and that's just life.

It's sad, but it's okay. It's just the way it is. But I was terrified
because I was afraid of losing everything I built.

At that point, it was six years of building up this other business,
other world, and then I'm going to be talking to weirdos like
yourself. I say that with all the love in the world. I can totally
relate to it.

But that's exactly it. So I'm talking about channeling. I'm talking
about psychic phenomenon.

I'm talking about ancient mysteries, how the pyramids were built. Then
quantum physicists. I just had a NASA rocket scientist on the other
day talking about spirituality.

It was so cool, though. It was all so, so cool. And I love going down
these roads and I've always loved these kind of things but it's a very
interesting journey now it now it's not of course it makes sense now
it's easy to look back and go oh yeah of course I had to go do that
but when you're in the moment it's extremely difficult to to leave an
old an old relationship to leave an old situation to me and take that
jump and that risk.

But yeah, it's not easy. And I still, it's funny enough, I still get
people who are like, so you found Jesus, is that what you're doing
now? I'm like, no, it's not exactly that.

I was like, you know, things like that. But then I get other people
who are like, hey, I'm very proud of what you're doing. I can't talk
about it out here in l.a but keep going i watch you all the time
because they're afraid of coming out and any sort of spirituality in
l.a or in hollywood is is pretty much frowned upon which is weird yeah
just imagine me coming from i mean just like the circles i had the
friends i had austrian engineer scientists yeah that's exactly right
and you know digital marketer for fortune 100 500 companies and so a
lot of my circles former colleagues of friends they were like you're
insane are you are you is everything okay do you need help how can we
help you right to come back to your but thing is, I was still fairly
grounded in the experience that was happening to me.

And I was holding it with a sense of awe and wonder and curiosity,
occasionally overwhelmed, right? And I did lose some friends. And my
family definitely had concerns.

And it took me some time to really open up to them to what was
happening to me so i don't mean to cut you off but when did the
channeling start because it sounds like you started off on this road
before that you start hearing voices yes so how did that work so that
was about a period of i want want to say, a good year. So I've been on
the spiritual journey for a long time. I've been doing meditation
retreats and Zen Buddhism and Taoism.

I was always curious about spirituality. So that was always part of
my, that was a parallel track, right? And at some point, I could no
longer have a parallel track i had to really jump off so that gave me
the opportunity to fully focus on my spiritual development and within
basically an eight month 12 month period the what i consider the
channel or this connection opened up.

And that was around 2017. It started in 2016, but 2017 was kind of
like the big... The moment.

The moment, yeah. What was it like when you first heard the voices?
Did you think you were going nuts?

So the funny thing is, you may have an understanding of this, and
maybe many of your viewers. If you have done medicine work, plant
medicine work, you're familiar with having conversations with spirit.
Got it.

So it wasn't a complete shock to you? It was not a complete shock. Got
it.

What was different about it, it was as clear as night and day. It was
almost like you and I were having a conversation and I was having a
conversation with an incredibly intelligent being of incredible
reverence and light. And I thought, I have never experienced this.

No matter how much plant medicine work or meditation retreats or
intense experience and rituals I've had done, this was unique. It felt
of a different caliber. A different world had opened up to me that I
had not even other people here talk about.

So I knew at that moment that it was either jackpot or I was in some
sort of trouble. It's like I'm going straight to hell or there's
something else happening. That's interesting.

I want to ask you because this is something that a lot of people do
talk about. I've had many people on the show who've done plant
medicine and psychedelics and things like that and that is a form of
getting to the other side there was a guru that came on the show Swami
who said can I ask them about plant medicine he goes well you know
plant medicine is like taking a sledgehammer to the wall to put a
window in to get to the other side where meditation and inner work has
a door that's right there and you could just open it up and walk very
easily through it's plant medicine is a very abrupt thing any and he's
also said something very important. I'd love to hear your thoughts.

He said that not everyone's ready physically, mentally, or spiritually
for what presents itself with plant medicine or psychedelics because
you are opening doors. You are crashing through. And it could be life-
altering.

It could scare the hell out of you. It can be the most peaceful thing.
It all depends on where you are at.

Where with meditation and spiritual inner work, it's a much slower,
gradual process to the point where when you get to that same place, it
might take you years, but then you could turn it on and off whenever
you want without having to take any psychedelic or any plant medicine.
What's your thoughts on that? That's a great perspective.

I really appreciate that. And in some ways, very similar to mine. And
my journey was very strongly in the meditation department, Taoist
meditation, Buddhist meditation, yogic practices.

And I realized that it would take me many many years I realized it
would take me decades to get to a place that my soul was yearning to
get to faster and when consciousness is ready it will find ways to
make that move. Right? And there were opportunities for me to have
experiences that would elevate and expand my consciousness in a way
that was definitely stretching the boundaries of what I could receive.

But something inside of me was ready for it. Now, was it easy? No.
Very challenging occasionally, destabilizing, overwhelming
occasionally, and also physically taxing.

So it's definitely not for everyone. But in the right moment, in the
right context, in the right environment, with the right guidance, it
could be very valuable. Very valuable.

guidance it could be very valuable very valuable now does everyone
that does medicine plant medicine work open up to have a channel or a
conversation with angelic beings no absolutely not so something inside
of me was primed to be ready and also be supported with that type of
work with the combination of my meditation work, right? So in that
combination, doors were opened up for me in an accelerated way. It
sounds like you laid down the foundation where it wasn't a
sledgehammer.

Maybe you were breaking through the drywall in a little bit more
constructive way, and it wasn't as abrupt because the foundation of
what you had built prepared you for what was coming, as opposed to
someone who has no preparation, takes a little bit of plant medicine,
and whoo, yeah, they're off and running. It can be very destabilizing
for anyone who does not have a spiritual foundation. Yeah, absolutely.

So let me ask you, what happened in the Redwood Forest? The Redwoods
are so special. Oh, they are so beautiful.

They're so special. Mirror, mirror woods up there in Northern
California. It's just, it's a magical, magical place.

Very special. So I was leading a meditation retreat and at the tail
end of it, I was leading a meditation retreat, and at the tail end of
it, everyone had already gone to bed, and I was sitting still back
outside in the forest. There was like a fog going through the forest.

It was kind of a full moon. We picked a full moon weekend. It was
beautiful, all the sounds of the night.

I'm sitting there by the fire, and close my eyes and I feel an energy
coming. And it was almost like there was a soundproof dome that was
being laid on top of the whole area that I was sitting in. And I
thought, wow, this is interesting.

I can't hear anything, just myself. And my mind was super clear,
quiet. And I see these lights approaching in my, you know, mind's eye.

And one of the lights is moving forward and has this connection with
me and starts talking to me just the way you and I talk and says,
you're finally ready and we can work with you. All the things you have
learned have served the purpose, but you won't need them going
forward. We will prepare you for the role that you're going to play in
our gift to humanity.

And I'm thinking, who are you and what do you want? And the voice
says, my name is Emmanuel, and I will guide you through this process.
And I had no context of what Emmanuel is.

I thought, oh, maybe this is like, you know, the spirit of a saint or
an ascended master or something of, you know something of a past
human. But it turns out it was an angelic being. And I thought, okay,
this is a bit much, right?

So what do I do with this? He said, you have made an agreement 3,000
years ago when you were living as a human that you would serve in this
particular way, when the time was right. Humanity was right and you
were in the right place to deliver.

But now that you're consciously aware and you're ready to make that
choice, you still have a choice and we will just leave you alone if
you say no and you can live a normal human life, normal quote unquote.
And I thought, well, is that going to make me happy? Is that going to
feel like it's my soul's purpose?

I thought about it for three months and I realized, no, this is going
to be the greatest adventure I'm going to say yes to. And so far it's
been. So far you've been doing okay so far.

Now, you've talked about the different shades of consciousness. Can
you talk a little bit about what they are and how they influence our
perception of our reality? One of the most significant things for us
to understand is we are a collective consciousness having an
individualized experience in a physical form.

That is human consciousness as a collective, and we are
representations of that collective consciousness, but we are also
individualized soul containers. That's the way the guides talk about
it. They call it a soul container that carries the information of all
the lifetimes you have ever lived in all the forms you have ever
lived, which means there is other physical forms.

Stop it. Yes. And you have represented other forms of collective
consciousness before.

So all these experiences come along in the soul container. And at some
point, you choose or somehow you are directed to this experience. And
in this experience, you represent human consciousness.

Human consciousness, as a seeded consciousness evolves through the
experiences that we are all having as individualized forms and with
each other. This evolutionary process is like a school. It's a
training ground.

It's an incubation chamber for consciousness. So while it is exciting
and challenging and all of the things that we imagine it to be, it is
a win-win-win. It's a win for you as an individual consciousness, an
individual soul.

It's a win for human collective consciousness because it grows and
evolves. And it's a win for all of consciousness, because if humanity
evolves, then all other forms of consciousness are also being
influenced and impacted by humanity's growth, because we are in this
giant network of independent and connected collectives. It's
interesting.

So I've heard this before where the collective of human the human
collective are Our frequency is rising And we can all kind of feel
something's off ongoing on especially in the last 20 years. Oh, yes.
It's been exponentially fast That we our consciousness Just like our
individual individually you and I let's say both you and I are
ascended masters, walking masters.

We're not, but let's say. You're Jesus, I'm Buddha. Let's throw it out
there, okay?

So we're walking up. As we are walking the earth, our frequency is at
such a high level that we affect everybody around us. Yes.

high level that we affect everybody around us yes in proximity for you
know like within a certain amount of space and also collectively just
because of us being here at this time so if that's the case then
humanity being here at this time as we are raising we're affecting
other collectives around the universe Other forms of anyone who
doesn't understand that there are there is life in this universe in
this massive just a most Atheist scientist on the planet and you are a
former scientist Can logically say that there is absolutely a strong
chance that there's an intelligent life somewhere in this universe at
this moment. Because there's also, was there intelligent life a
billion years ago on this other planet? And is it there now?

And all that kind of stuff. But we're raising consciousness for
everybody and vice versa. Wherever there's consciousness raising
elsewhere, it raises us.

But I keep hearing again and again that the Earth experiment is one of
the more important ones. Maybe that's ego. I don't know.

But what's happening to humanity now has never happened in the history
of humanity. And the history of humanity has been around for more than
6,000 years. It's been around for a long time.

so all the cycles of ups and downs and stuff we've never even if we
want to go back to Atlantis where we were more spiritually enlightened
than we are now what's happening now it didn't happen then or other
times would you agree yes that is in alignment with the information
that I'm getting okay so Earth's rising energy is the place that we
are in, both in the context of our environmental circumstances,
basically the cosmological energies rising, as well as the ripeness or
the maturity of our collective consciousness in that combination has
never been like this. Right. So we are at the precipice of maturation,
awakening, evolution, ascension, whatever you want to call it.

Ascension process, as the guides call it, is a period of time where
humanity enters a next phase of its final maturation stage as a
consciousness in this form because there is other forms we will be
able to take after this physical form is complete so it continues but
this stage is the last stage of the physical form. And this is heavy
lifting. This is heavy lifting.

Yeah. This is heavy lifting because many times we've been quite
technologically advanced. We have had a lot of understanding of the
universe and life itself.

But the entire collective wasn't at that level of readiness. And the
combination of the rising energies, what it does is it gives us the
wind for that sail to actually fully move. Everything is accelerating,
as you said.

People are waking up left and right. Friends, family members that we
have never considered spiritual are suddenly having spiritual thoughts
and considerations. They're having questions that people would ask
when they're in a Buddhist monastery, even though they have not had
any type of inclination of that kind.

People are popping left and right like popcorn. And those waves that
are coming through are just getting stronger and stronger. And so more
and more people are having these experiences of awakening or dark
night of the soul or whatever you want to call it.

Many different forms of experiences. And for those that don't have any
type of foundation, it is becoming very challenging and overwhelming
and potentially destabilizing. There's a little bit of, not a little
bit, a lot of chaos going on right now.

There's a lot of stuff happening. It's not the first time. I mean, go
back to 1968, for God's sakes.

I mean, there have been other years in our recent history that was
pretty chaotic and even more divisive. I mean, I would argue the Civil
War here in the United States was a little bit more divisive than we
are now. Though we are, I think, feeling it more now because of social
media, because of the interconnectedness of all of us, we feel it a
lot more, it's we're more sensitive to it right now.

But there is seems to be a lot of a lot of things happening, old
systems are starting to crumble, crack. Things that we thought would
never, ever, ever go away are now starting to go away. Things that
were rock solid are a very shaky foundation.

Just within the lifetime, our lifetime, how much has changed since the
70s from where we are now? It's mind-blowing, mind-blowing what's
going on. So if you look at the trajectory, right, it's not a linear
growth.

It's an exponential growth. And we are at the hockey stick moment of
this exponential growth, meaning we cannot project or extrapolate from
the past into what the future is going to look like. Because it's
uncharted.

It's uncharted and it's growing so fast. So if you were to understand
what life is going to look like in five or ten years from now, you'd
have a challenging time to imagine what life is going to look like
with everything that's happening, right? to imagine what life is going
to look like with everything that's happening.

Mm-hmm. Right? Mm-hmm.

Not even if you understand what happened in the last five years and
ten years, that's not going to be nearly enough to understand what's
going to happen in the next five to ten years. But when we were
growing up in the 70s and the 80s. I'm assuming you and I are of
similar vintage.

If not, you look fantastic, so for your age. But I assume we're in the
similar vintage that even in the 70s and the 80s, that statement you
could say, I know what happened in 1970. It's now 1980.

I have a good idea where we're going to be in 1990. There was a
trajectory, and you could argue that. But then the internet showed up
in the late 90s and that kind of started to shake things up and then
that that short that time period started to change very very
drastically so from the year 2000 to 2010 knowing what happened from
90 to 2000 really didn't help.

And then from 2010 to 2020, for God's sakes. And now from 2020 to
where we are right now at the end of 2024, what's happened in the last
four years? Pandemic, AI, things are so ramped up so much faster.

I can't even imagine in five years I really have no idea I mean I was
walking down downtown Austin I saw a driverless car in Austin not LA
not New York not Tokyo in Austin a smaller city and I'm like what is
happening and our kids growing up at this time period they're just
like things are moving so fast for them they're just you know it took
so much slower so let me ask you this if you as a human being have
relied on society to hold you yeah through the time of change no
matter what comes to have a certain level of predictability and to
have a certain level of expectation of the future. And if you start to
feel you no longer can have that, you no longer can predict, you no
longer can fully trust of what is being told is going to happen. What
do you trust?

What do you believe? What do you hold on to? What is your core essence
as you're walking into the uncertain?

So if I use that analogy, that means that if we've used the exterior
as our anchors, well, when that foundation is rattled because it's
changing so rapidly, if you put your hook on there and now the hook is
gone. You're like, well, wait a minute, where do I go? i go oh okay
here's another hook oh but that's gone now because you're constantly
looking for reaffirmant outside of you the only way we can move
forward is looking within because this doesn't change right not that
way there is a truth there's an understanding in here inside of you
that is rock solid because it is your soul it is connected to divine
intelligence and divine consciousness right and all of that while all
of this this is just a game a movie a play yeah a video game that's
all this is so how could you hold on to a movie or a game right it's
you can for a period of time.

You can and it will be a fun ride, right? But there are certain things
that I consider as an eternal soul in a human body. There is an aspect
of you that is truth.

That's eternal. That's unshakable. That's unwavering.

That's always existent. And we have just lost that touch. We have
started to believe that power is outside of us.

We've trusted that as our guiding light. And we are starting to
realize, oh, this is not really it. reality and people's beliefs and
other experiences in society do the same thing.

And suddenly people start losing trust in the systems that they have
trusted in, in the systems that have guided them for lifetimes or
multiple generations, right? So there is a disheartened,
disillusioneded and an angry state that people come to at first when
they are disillusioned in that way because something that trusted is
suddenly falling apart so what should they trust is it religion is it
pharmaceuticals is it plant medicines is it what, what is it? Is it
the next social media influencer?

What is it that they should trust? What is it that they can trust? We
have lost in some ways that essential connection, that essential truth
and trust inside.

Right. And so this is therefore a great challenging time for humanity
and a lot of individuals. It would be the equivalent of a video game
character who understands their entire world very carefully, but when
they run into a wall because the simulation is over, in other words,
the programmers didn't go farther because they never had to, and we've
reached the end of the game, they're like, well, what do I do?

Is this a movie reference? It isn't a movie reference, but it is true
Truman Show is literally Truman Show at the end of the day, which is
one of the one of the great spiritual movies. Yes, of all time.

But yeah, when when Jim Carrey hits the wall at the end, sorry, it's
been around for a while guys. But yeah, he hits the and he finally
realizes, oh, that's the edge of his world. His reality.

Literally the edge of his reality. Until he opens the door and goes
through to see what's on the other side. Arguing that he's going
inward during that analogy.

But that is the power that I think people are searching. That's what
they're looking for right now. Because I love what you're saying.

They're disillusioned with the systems, with the programming, with the
things that they've said, this is a table. This is always going to be
a table. It's never going to not be a table.

You can trust that this is a table. And then quantum physics comes out
like, well, that's actually not really a solid table. It's actually
completely not solid at all.

It's a perception that we have. And you're like, well, what are you
talking about? The table's solid.

And that starts to rattle people. And that's a small example. There's
much larger ones, religion, government, media, pharmaceuticals,
health, wellness, all of it.

Every aspect of our life is being challenged. And it's throwing people
out of whack. I think that's also one of the reasons why there seems
to be a little bit, challenged um and it's throwing people out of
whack i think that's also one of the reasons why there seems to be a
little bit not a little bit a lot more chaotic energy happening
because you can't change without challenge you can't change without
some sort of you know you learn the most in your life in chaotic times
yeah it is what the guides call the impulse or the catalyst, right?

And sometimes a solid challenge is a good impulse or catalyst. And if
we are really stuck in our ways, the challenge needs to be solid
enough, strong enough to actually create that awakening spark. Now,
will it be challenging in the moment of it of course it will it will
make you question everything right about life and self and reality but
it will also start and initiate a process of asking the bigger
questions and searching for a sense of peace that is not delivered to
you by your external circumstances or external parties.

Now, that is true. If I put you into a Buddhist monastery somewhere on
top of the mountain, you'll probably feel peaceful. It might take you
a little while to get there, but eventually the environment will have
an effect on you.

So we are affected by our environment, no doubt about it. But if I
told you there is a way, there's a pathway for you to find that level
of peace, you would find no matter where you are, if you have
strengthened and solidified that internal connection so that you can
have that power and nothing else has power over you. Just like taking
a portable temple with you, a monastery with you everywhere you go.

And the temple is inside, as many of these masters have said. Yes,
many of them have said the same thing again and again. Yeah, it's
like, I'm not saying anything new.

The guides even said that, you know, many of their channelings, they
said, this is not news. This is information you've got many, many
times. And a really close friend of mine was sitting in one of the
channelings once.

And he has, we have this Q&A with Emmanuel. And he says, Emmanuel,
this is all very nice. And also we've heard this many, many times.

What do we need you for like to hear this again? And Emmanuel says,
you've heard it, but clearly you haven't implemented it and you need
to hear it again. That is why.

And that was the message. It's a good message. It's a good message.

There's something that you said the other day when I was doing
research for you that I thought was so profound and so important for
people to listen to because so many people want life to be
unchallenging. They want nice and peace. They want everything to be
cool.

I want all my relationships. They want no ripples in the waves. They
want a nice, smooth sailing.

And you gave the analogy of nature, that in nature, there is nothing
but challenge. Anyone who's been out in nature with only a backpack,
hiking, camping, you know, how many movies have we seen? You know,
it's you against nature.

Nature is designed every day to challenge the occupants of nature,
bugs, animals, birds, fish, and us animals, humans. If we've just been
able to, because of our own intellect, been able to create these
beautiful things that protect us from nature. These clothes, the roof
over our head, able to get clean water, all these things that we take
for granted in the West, not at all around the world, but let's say in
the West or in developed countries, is because of our intellect.

So that kind of gives us the illusion that everything should just be
exactly as peaceful and it's perfect. This temperature is just right
in here But that's not the way nature works so can you talk a little
bit about that and the importance of learning that lesson because So
many people like why do bad things happen to good people like because
that is part of the process. What would you say?

It is definitely part of the design. So nature is designed in a
certain way to basically create the most optimal outcome and also
guarantee consistent evolution, consistent growth through trial and
error, as well as pushing the boundaries of what is possible in this
environment. At the same time, nature provides everything you need.

Everything we have, everything you look around, everything is from
here. Everything is from Earth, I would assume. I always say that too
much.

You may have some artifacts in the side room, but we'll talk about
that another time. Yes, my visitations. Yes, go ahead.

So nature provides and at the same time nature challenges. And
anything that isn't aligned, nature will take apart and recycle. Just
the way nature does its work.

And everything is an ecosystem that supports itself and each other.
each other. And some of these ecosystems require, you know, beings to
be part of the food chain and part of the development chain and part
of the reproduction chain and so on.

So there is like these incredibly vast and well designed and intricate
ecosystems that consistently provide humans. We have created a little
bit of our own ecosystems that is beyond the biological ecosystems
that is now technological societal ecosystems and consciousness
ecosystems and in those there is a slightly different path for us
while nature provides the baseline in what we have created in these
ecosystems, we are evolving as a soul, as a consciousness. We are
learning, we are making mistakes, we are being challenged by our
reality, and that is occasionally painful.

It is bringing up all kinds of the full spectrum of emotions. And the
game is not to try to avoid the challenge. It is understanding how do
we evolve as efficiently and as gracefully as possible.

It used to be that through many cycles we made the same mistakes over
and over again until we learned them mm-hmm right you know the story
about the person that keeps on dating the same person over and over
and over and complaining about that I always get these same guys right
so if in life challenges persist a certain learning has not completed.
Now, we could continue for thousands of years doing this game that's
been fueling our consciousness evolution. But there is a different way
for consciousness to evolve.

And you'd ask, well, what is that way? And can I have it bottled up on
the shelf? How much do you want for it?

The truth is we have an intrinsic way with our consciousness to evolve
rather than manifesting it into reality. We don't have to manifest
challenges to evolve through the learning. But in order to do that, we
have to face the unlearned, the unprocessed in states of meditation,
in states of silence and deep presence.

When we start to face these things, when we start to look at these
things from all different angles, all different perspectives, what
emerges is a realization. And these realizations are almost like check
marks in the soul or in our consciousness that say, okay, we don't
have to recreate this any longer. Check.

Soul learning unlocked. What's the next one? Oh, there is some
ancestral learning that hasn't completed.

What's the next one? Oh, there is some ancestral learning that hasn't
completed. Let's go down that rabbit hole.

So we have kind of created so much external distraction for ourselves
that we've lost that simple ability to find silence and presence.
People lose their minds doing a five minute meditation. Right?

Right. They're like, Oh, I have so many thoughts, so many emotions is
so overwhelming. I can't do this.

Meditation is not for me. I'm like, don't call it meditation. Just sit
in silence by yourself.

Sit in nature, and do this a couple times and do it longer and longer
and see what happens. And you'll start to see that people actually
start to change. They start to develop.

They start to understand things. And their lives become more and more
stable. And their evolution takes an acceleration or an accelerated
process without having to go through the pains of consistently
recreating reality to wake up.

Like when reality consistently recreates a challenge or a pain or an
impulse for you, it's like a smack in your face. It's like, wake up.
So we can have that without it through meditation for example what are
some other ways breath work the yogic practices just pure silence in
nature plant medicine work helps too there's many different ways of
getting to that place of silence and presence so that we can have an
observational state, so we can have the realizations, and then we can
have a greater alignment internally.

The stronger your alignment is, the more unwavering you are as these
consistent waves of energy are moving through the earth. consistent
waves of energy are moving through the earth we no longer look at all
the planets and the stars and say oh my gosh again a planet in
retrograde it's gonna mess up my week all right say oh my internal
alignment is good it's strong i don't really care if there is another
solar flare but with that said though it's kind of like, what you're
talking about is a version of you being disconnected from this realm,
to a certain extent, and maybe I'm not wording it properly. Because
I'm fighting not to use the matrix as a reference point, because I do
it so often on the show.

But when you have a person or a master who is so connected to their
source, so grounded, their vibration is so high, walking around in
this reality, they just, they just see the code. So they're able to
not only manipulate the code, but the code doesn't affect them kind of
like the bullets flying by neo He's able to they just don't do
anything to him anymore because his rules have changed now That's at
an extreme level. I mean, yes a master level.

Yes, but even on a smaller level There's things now that would have
taken me off the reservation, which now bounce off me like nothing. It
just rolls off my back. Someone cutting you off in traffic when I was
in my 20s is like, I need to now chase this guy down, go to his house
and yell at him.

You know, like insanity, insanity stuff. You know, like insanity,
insanity stuff. But now when someone cuts you off, to a certain
extent, I'm human still, but generally speaking, you go, I wonder
what's going on in his life or in her life that caused her to act that
way.

That's how I look at it now a little bit differently. So that's a
smaller example. Does that make sense?

Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely.

So strong alignment means literally the external circumstances are no
longer having the same effect that they used in the past. So you
navigate them more gracefully because there is no additional learning
for you in them. They don't have a charge.

Does that make sense? Yeah, of course. Because now that you have it,
you've lifted five pounds again and again.

Exactly. You can lift five pounds. It doesn't bother you anymore.

To the point where five pounds shows up, you're just like, I don't
even want to lift it because I've lifted it so many times. It doesn't
affect me. So think about memories of the past, right?

Think about memories of the past. Some memories will stand out with an
emotional charge. Some memories will stand out with an emotional
charge.

Absolutely. Right? Yeah.

And if it's a really unprocessed element of your life, it'll stand out
with a strong emotional charge. If the emotional charge is so strong,
some people will even put it into the unconscious layers. They'll bury
it.

Yeah. Right? Oh, yeah.

Now, that doesn't go away. Yeah. Right.

Oh, yeah. Now that doesn't go away. It will consistently send signals
to reality and say, well, this this learning needs to be had.

So give us a reality that will spark a learning of this unprocessed
past. And it is painful to watch. is painful to watch.

I've never heard it put that way before. It's so it's so eloquently
and beautifully packaged that idea. Because if you're right, because
exactly what happened to me a million and many other people as well.

So you had had a very dramatic episode when I was a younger man. And
that actually stayed buried, I actually had forgotten about it, and
had no conscious understanding that it was happening. Only when I
started to write my book, my first book about it, did it start to
bubble up.

And all these emotions started to come up. I'm like, oh, wow. Oh, wow.

I had no idea it was still there. But subconsciously, it had been
driving my entire life. And you look back and go, oh, that's why I
kept doing that.

Oh, that's why that kept coming into my life. These kind of people
kept coming into my life because that was not processed. So finally
when I released the book, or actually when I finished the first draft,
it was just like, whew, it released.

Before I couldn't even talk about it. Now I talk about it constantly
and I have no problem with it. So it doesn't have the same charge as
it was before.

But I love the idea that if you have something in your past, they have
not resolved, you haven't done the work, you might have put it in a
box, slammed it into the but whatever you did to hide it, so far that
you can't even remember it, It sends signals to reality, to the
simulation, to go, hey, this one still needs to learn this lesson. And
he is not really hearing you. So I need you to intensify it by 20%
every single time you do it.

And if he really doesn't get it, we're going to have to hit him with a
sledgehammer. Correct? That is pretty much right.

And you know what's fascinating? Everything, the way we see reality,
our perception, the truth that we believe, the habits that we have
formed, the behaviors we have, everything is influenced by the
elements of the unprocessed past. Of course.

Of course. Everything is. Everything is.

Everything. Well, that's the thing. The way we look at life is based
on our programming yeah our programming is based on how we were how we
were programmed for the first seven years of our life that that's the
basic operating system and then all the experiences are are the apps
we download during our life and they keep getting tossed in there but
that basically views aren't that's our view of the entire world is
based on all that stuff all our attachments everything that's right
and wrong all our judgments our opinions everything is flavored by
that and when you release all of that you start to lighten your load
one but i keep going back to like a yogi or a master of some sort you
know hearing their stories of how they evolved and reached
enlightenment.

And then because it's one thing to reach enlightenment. It's another
thing to be enlightened and still live here. Because once you feel
enlightened and you're like, oh, I'm free.

That's that's awesome. But to be able to work within the world with
that new frequency, that new enlightenment. that yeah enlightenment I
imagine that these lovely souls who are on the wall here when they
reach that level of enlightenment or self-realization all of the
things we're talking about just vanished all the programming all the
traumas all the experience all that kind of stuff that focused your
understanding of reality goes away because then the truth actually
comes out and everything pops up.

I'm doing a session with you right now, Asil. I'm working through
stuff right now myself. Love it.

And hopefully people are listening because it just makes so much
beautiful sense. As that starts to worn away, the truth comes out. And
that truth is so truth, you can't deny it.

And that then changes your perception. So a lot of these yogis, like
the Maharishi and these kind of beings who are on the planet, or
Yogananda, who have just recently, within the last hundred years,
where we have film of them, we have recordings of them, we could hear
them. The way they look at life is so far beyond our normal day-to-
day, can you believe what Susie said about me?

That doesn't make sense. When you no longer have strong judgments and
strong perceptions of right and wrong, the valuation of duality. So
you hold a non-dual perception, perspective, that you now hold in this
dualistic form, in this dualistic ego construct that needs to interact
with its dualistic reality and humans.

How do you bring that non-dual way of being while being relatable as a
human? Because humans will want to understand, it's like being while
being relatable as a human. Because humans will want to understand.

It's like, okay, give me a perspective. But when they give you a
perspective, the moment it is verbalized, it's already dualized. Of
course.

The moment, exactly. The moment something is put into words, it's
already narrowed down to a certain meaning between what I mean and
what you understand there is also another loss of information so truth
is really unspeakable correct it's annoying it's annoying and one time
there was one famous quote in in my consciousness about the guides
that you know when they shared something, they said, truth is the
totality of all perspectives. Therefore, everything we say is also
merely a perspective.

That's beautiful. That is beautiful. So truth is a knowing.

And you're absolutely right. You can't verbalize it almost. It's very
difficult to verbalize the knowing but that is commonplace on the
other side in the other area when you're a soul when you're that's
just I hear it from near-death experiencers they go on the other side
and they go I just knew everything mm-hmm I was just connected to I
call it connecting to the spiritual cloud right to the conscious cloud
the collective up there You just what's quantum physics?

Oh, that's what it is. Okay, you know, how do you oh, that's how you
create free energy Okay, great. Like it just it's there instantly, but
when they come back they can't bring it back because our Operating our
hardware can't handle it.

Mm-hmm too much but over there there is no Friction there is no
physical matter this way. This is a very dense scenario. This is
tough.

It is. So I don't blame these masters to say, well, I'm enlightened.
I'm going to head out of here.

This is all very complex and complicated and dualistic. I'm going to
continue my work from the non-dual side, right? dualistic, I'm going
to continue my work from the non-dual side, right?

And some masters, you know, they stay on top of the mountain and they
continue praying for humanity from that place, because they say
there's nothing I could share verbally that's going to make it better
than my meditation here on top of the mountain for humanity. Like a
Babaji. Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, like a Babaji. Or the Tibetan monks praying for humanity. That's
interesting.

So a lot of these, like on our platform, we have a show called Road to
Dharma, where they went to the Himalayas. They followed one yogi on a
motorcycle, and 10 people went on this amazing road trip. And I was
asking the filmmaker behind, he was one of the participants.

I go, what did you see when you're driving up? Like, what is it? He's
like, it's mostly Buddhist, some Taoist.

But a lot of Tibetan Buddhism is up in the Himalayas, a lot of Tibetan
Buddhism. And he goes, everyone's a seeker, because it's too difficult
to just hang out in him. Like, it's a thing to try to journey through
it all.

And nature is so brutal. And the Himalayas are a challenge in itself.
So you're not going to go just, I'm just going to chill.

There's not a lot of tourists. Everyone's there for a reason. But he
said you would just see these monks in these monasteries.

And they live their life there. And they're praying for not only their
own enlightenment, but they're doing it for humanity. Absolutely.

And they're creating that vibration, sending that out into the world,
which is more powerful than them trying to articulate, because that
might not be in their wheelhouse. Or trying to convince people of a
different understanding or perspective or belief system of live your
life this way it'll be better for you when someone's consciousness
isn't ready they won't even be able to hear you of course so they
rather affect the collective from a different layer and different
approach so then and then you and i are at a very different place
because we're trying to affect the collective from inside the house.
It's like the phone calls coming from inside the house kind of thing.

We're doing our work to help the collective, but from this level. It's
just a different point of view. Yeah.

There's a couple of other ways that we are also doing, and I'll share
more about that if you're interested. Please, please're interested. So
when the guides started to work and they said, look, humanity is going
through a major awakening process.

There are certain ways we're going to assist humanity. We cannot fix
humanity's problems. This is not our job.

Humanity has to fix its own problems and has to learn. We cannot take
that away. What we can do is support those that are in awakening
process to accelerate the process for them to make it a bit easier.

Okay. So one of the things I said, humanity, as it's going through a
major awakening, humans will question and they're going to need
support. So that journey will take people on the journey of becoming a
pillar of light, aligned beings, unwavering those people that when
goes down, the community looks towards that person to see how they're
responding to the external challenge that's a pillar of light
interesting okay hence these exactly hence the it's like you know the
famous saying what would buddha do or what would jesus do yeah right
that's exactly if jesus gets cut off in in traffic exactly if he loses
his crap yes that's a problem.

Fair game. The other thing they said was that humanity as a
consciousness is on Earth, and the Earth has a consciousness itself.
And the Earth's grid is basically its energy lines that are holding
all consciousness on Earth in a safe environment and an energetic
field.

So a lot of sacred sites are on the connection points in the
intersections of these energy lines, nodes, right? And humanity has
built temples and churches and mosques and all kinds of pyramids on
top of these nodal points to utilize that energy how did they know
where those points were yeah that's a good question you know in a
simplest way um obviously there's a lot of masters and priests that
were dedicated their entire life to connect with spirit and know
spirit's guiding us to build a temple here. We have very limited
resources.

It's going to take us a thousand years to do this, but let's do it
anyways. And they do it. Or it'll be humans go to that place and they
realize that they heal faster at those places, that something inside
of them delivers a spiritual peace that they don't have in other
areas.

So there is a uniqueness. Nature responds differently in those areas.
So they consider them naturally sacred places.

Indigenous cultures would go to the summit of a particular volcano and
would bring offerings. They would not allow anyone else to go up there
except the priests, right? Things like that, they're considered sacred
sites.

Now, a lot of these sacred sites have been used and utilized and
abused and dormant and active and inactive. The grid supports
consciousness. And the work that the guides are telling me to do or us
as a community to do is basically earth keeping how do we adjust and
attune these places to the highest possible frequency they can hold so
they can support the entire region that they're in and this whole grid
to support the whole of humanity.

Because not everyone is going to have the luxury of seeing your
podcast or seeing some of my meditations. Some people will just be
living the human life. They will also go through an awakening process,
but what will be there in their field to support them?

process, but what will be there in their field to support them. At the
very minimum, at the baseline, it is the earth grid. The earth itself
as a consciousness will support humanity in its awakening.

So that's another piece of the work. So it's a top-down and bottom-up
scenario. Yeah.

I mean, that's why grounding is so important. When you actually
physically ground yourself in nature and in sand and the actual
ground, the scientific aspect of it is the energy, the charge, helps
you heal faster, helps you get rid of inflammation, all these kind of
things. Hence why in nature, generally speaking, animals don't have
those kind of diseases, cancers and things like that that unless
they're affected by something that we did right or you know or they're
dear a nuclear power plant or something those lines um that's very
very powerful um one thing do you've talked about in the past as well
is taoist mysticism um i i we haven't really delved into a lot of
taoist uh teachings in the show which i'm going to remedy soon.

I have a couple of masters coming because it's such a powerful,
powerful philosophy and school of thought. But I've never heard of
Taoist mysticism. I've heard of, obviously, the Lao Tzu and the Tao Te
Ching and the basis of Taoism, to my understanding.

What is Taoist mysticism? What's interesting to me, the reason I was
so excited and drawn to Taoism was Taoists, to me, were like
scientists. They're scientists, and they wanted to explore things by
trying error, as well as, of course, guided by spirit.

But they were mathematicians, they're scientists, and they wanted to
explore things by triune era, as well as, of course, guided by spirit.
But they were mathematicians, they were astronomers, they were
healers. All these different things that came out of Taoism influenced
all aspects of our current life.

Most people aren't aware of. But there was one thing that they were
aiming towards and that was immortal life and some of that was guided
by you know the kings and the emperors that lived they basically said
i want to live immortally show me how it's done here is 10 000 people
you can experiment on you know and so they would create all these
different pathways of practices, inner qigong, neigong, to figure out
how energy within the body can be stored, developed, manipulated,
directed to get to a place of greater health and longevity and
immortality. So that was kind of like their pathway to figuring out
what this body can do and what the spirit can do.

I was drawn to that because there is very few true authentic Taoist
masters left that still teach many of them have withdrawn or the
Cultural Revolution in China has Extinguished several lineages and all
of that mysticism was kind of buried what they allowed to exist was
like the more scientific and societally acceptable pieces, right But
in many ways, it still is available, and it has definitely guided me
in my pathway to a certain degree. It started to become a little too
rigid for me. I needed to have an input from an intelligence that is
greater than human intelligence.

Just imagine it this way. As I was going through my process, when
channels started opening and they said, we're going to have to work on
you for a year for you to even be ready to get the first step in. I
said, okay.

I would go through five, six meditations a day to just being operated
on. It's like upgrades after upgrades. And I'm trying to understand
what is happening to me.

What is this thing that you guys are doing? Because I have some
context from Taoist meditations and yogic practice. I'm like, oh, this
is similar to Kapalbhati breathing.

And this is similar to the pranayama. And this is similar to this. And
this is similar to that.

similar to the pranayama and this is similar to this and this is
similar to that they said if you have to understand everything that
we're doing to this very complex system that you have and you have to
basically be okay with it and approve it we will never get done it'll
take forever you have to have a certain level of baseline trust that
we are in a very clear understanding of the totality of this human
machine and this form that you are, and we are doing the best possible
in the most benevolent and effective way to your being. And so I had
to develop a certain trust to a greater intelligence than my own and
let them do what they needed to do rather than trying to own it and
dominate it with my mind. Hence the burning of the bridge, the burning
of the boats, and just taking the leap of faith.

Yes. Faith has a lot to do with all of this, doesn't it? It does.

It's scary. It's very. It's very scary to have faith in...

I think the scariest thing that people have faith in is within
themselves mmm to have faith in yourself is probably the scariest I
think one of the scariest kinds of faith to have because when you put
your faith in an exterior deity or master or somebody in a white coat
or someone in the government or someone at a white coat, or someone in
the government or someone at a job or when you put the power in
somebody else's hands, it's a lot more comfortable, of course,
generally speaking, because you can hold them accountable, you can
blame it on them, right. But to have faith within yourself is very not
only scary, but if you look at anyone who's ever accomplished anything
in this lifetime, they've always had faith in themselves. Every great
athlete, every great entrepreneur, every great artist, not all of
them, but many artists had faith in themselves, or at least had enough
faith in themselves to do the art, regardless if it would actually go
anywhere.

Like Van Gogh, perfect example of an artist who just painted and
painted and painted without ever knowing where it was going to go. But
faith is such a powerful thing. Can you kind of dig in?

What do the guides say about that aspect of it? Because everyone
listening to this conversation needs to understand that they have to
eventually have faith that the power is within themselves, which is
terrifying if you've been programmed. The hardest thing.

Yeah, because you've been programmed all your life that, no, no, the
power is outside of you. And we're gatekeepers and we'll help you get
there. But real masters don't do that.

Real masters say, no, no, you are, it's in here. So can you talk a
little bit about that? Are you familiar with the understanding of
projection?

So if I project onto you who I believe you to be, and if your
projection or your internal alignment, your internal strength isn't
very solidly established, then my projection will make you feel a
certain way. You'll say, oh, I feel judged in this person's presence I
don't feel so good if I feel less than in this person's eye right so
that's projection and the positive power of projection is if I see
something much much greater in you than you can ever see in yourself
then you will feel in my presence elevated and uplifted, right?
Correct.

I'll see something in you that you almost don't believe is possible.
Yeah. And in that sense, you want to believe it or something inside of
you is fighting it, but you give it a chance.

And over time, what happens is something inside of you is fighting it,
but you give it a chance and over time what happens is something
inside of you starts to change and you start to believe my projection
to be true. So people with strong projection fields are very powerful
people because they have influence on those with less strong
projection fields. The question is, what is your projection shaped by?

What type of energy and what type of internal alignment? And is it
fueled by pure, unconditional love? So a dictator has that power.

Because to be able to convince millions of people to do something, you
need to have some power of projection. Just like the Maharishi had the
same power, but he did it for good, out of love, to elevate humanity.
That's right.

Make sense? Absolutely. Absolutely.

If I say that you hold a great power in you, a power that is deriving
from the seed of creation, of seed of creators, right? And that
creators want you to be able to own that power and become a creator
yourself. They don't want to be worshipped.

They want you to become a fully evolved conscious creator yourself.
You say, Oh, man, that sounds like hard work. Right?

I got it. And how am I gonna get there if I can't even get through
morning traffic in Austin? I got stuff to do.

I don't have time for evolution and enlightenment, sir. Exactly. So in
that sense, if I have faith in you, over time, that will develop a
faith in yourself.

In the beginning, if you don't have it yet. Now, of course, you could
say like well i have faith that i can you know do this i have faith
that i can face following challenges i have faith that i can you know
move through this section of life because i've done it in the past but
i feel and this is the sense that i'm getting about the future, is
that we're going to have unprecedented challenges. Challenges that are
so big that it will challenge the core of our being, of our existence.

If you don't have faith in that type of period, what will you be able
to rely on? of period? What will you be able to rely on?

So it is really important to develop humans that have strong alignment
and have really strong self-projection fields, meaning how do you see
yourself? Do you see yourself as capable, possible, as a creator, as
loving, as loved? as a creator, as loving, as loved.

And so in our work, in our training, it is about developing that self-
projection field. And until that is established, I assist with the
guides on sharing that projection field onto you. Does that make
sense?

It makes perfect sense. Because in the beginning, I had no faith. I
was just like in...

I just work here exactly I was just thrown into the pit and they said
well this is the plan that we have and well I don't know if I should
believe this what if this is all a scam what if I'm being like
misguided to be whatever like you know the mind was going crazy and so
I was just following the steps because they had so much faith in me.
Their projection field onto me was consistently of an unconditionally
loving and present sense. It was unwavering.

And because of that, I could start to trust not only them, but the
process and eventually myself. Well, it's kind of what a good parent
does to their child. You believe in them when they don't believe in
themselves.

Exactly. You know, and having kids myself, I understand that sometimes
they start beating themselves up and you're like, no, I see greatness
in you. I see that you can make the baseball team.

I think you can make the JV basketball team. I think when they can't
see it, you see it in them. And you're not even BSing.

You clearly see that they're capable. And that's what the projection
is. And that's where they start to rise to what they're expected to
do, or they start to believe that they can do it.

You know, there is experiments with actual plants like this. Tell me.
Well, people projecting love and the idea of beauty and perfection and
provided for to plants, they will actually grow faster.

They will actually become more vibrant and more vital. So we have this
power within us that we can use to either diminish or challenge our
environment, which serves a different purpose, but it serves a
purpose. Or we can learn to truly hold that projection of a positive
kind for ourselves and we can hold that projection for humanity.

And the projection is really, I hold the projection of potential.
projection is really I hold the projection of potential. It's not that
you will never face challenge, not that I want your challenges to just
go away, but I hold that projection of potential that you can do it
because I believe in you, because I believe you are infinitely
resourced.

Because I trust that you are infinitely supported and loved through it
all. That is ultimate faith. But without the, I'm not sourcing this
faith from somewhere else.

It's coming from in here. Does that make sense? It makes perfect sense
in an extremely powerful place because it is a foundation that cannot
be shaken.

Yes. No matter where you are in the world, it can't be taken away. It
can't be taken away at all.

I mean, nothing anyone could do from the exterior could ever hence
hence this ever do that because it is it is a no, it's we're back to
it's a knowing. You know, I have absolutely, as you're talking in my
head, I'm going, absolutely. Like, I understand that I'm being guided.

I understand that I'm being protected. I understand that I'm being, I
have endless resources for anything that comes across our path. And I
just, again, just being around walking the planet for as long as I
have you just look back at your life and go how the hell did I make it
through that especially in your teenage years how the hell did I make
it through that or good lord like I almost died that day like how did
I not die how did we even make it up well how do we make it out of the
80s?

Good question. With bad haircuts. With bad haircuts and no seatbelts.

Drinking water out of a hose, you know? Not filtered water and things
like that. How did we survive is beyond me.

But you look back and you just go,'s there's something there that died
in me there was multiple times that when I was driving when I was a
kid that I should have died in certain like scenarios. But there was
something there that kind of just missed it or just pushed it back.
You know, and you look back and go there, there's just no way you know
and then as i mean this whole thing what we're doing here is obviously
i'm not in control of this this makes no sense so then you start going
no there's so there's no there's no wavering in my understanding of
that for me because i've been it's been proven like i guess i guess
for you too it has been proven again and again and again to the point
where now your logical mind goes, well, there's got to be something
going on here.

Even your scientific Austrian engineering mind. Exactly. Even that
one.

Right? At a certain point, you kept seeing so much that you're just
like, well, this just has to be. Right?

Absolutely. You just keep going down that road. With enlightenment,
which is one of those words that a lot of people use.

They're like, I want to be enlightened. I want to get another version
of that self-realization. What are some of the common elements that
all of these beings went through.

They all have very different paths to walk, as you and I have very
different paths we're walking. But what are the commonalities of what
happens when you start to reach these higher frequencies, and what can
we do to tap into those things so we can start raising ours? When we
start to go on a path of self-realization or healing or growth or
evolution first we'll start to meet a lot of pain we'll start to meet
a lot of unprocessed we'll start to meet you know the the ugly things
you know it's stored in the basements of our consciousness stored in
our ancestry even if you like two, three generations back in
everyone's ancestry, there is war, rape, pillage, right?

Everything is in there. We carry it. Because the past generations
haven't processed it yet.

So whatever they couldn't process, they handed it over to the next
generation. It's a gift. It's a gift.

Inheritance. Good luck. We tried everything we could.

This is we couldn't do this. You know, it's now on you. So we carry a
lot of that.

And the journey to self-realization will have a moment of, okay, this
is a lot that I need to process and a lot to heal, a lot to
understand, observe, observe, integrate, and over time as I'm
integrating, a new sense of self is starting to establish within me.
This sense of self is beyond the ego construct. It is beyond the image
that I have of the person that is living this lifetime.

The sense of self is beyond any thought I have of myself. It is a
sense of being that is eternal. So in this journey, I will enter
states of being that are beyond identity, that are beyond space and
beyond time.

that make sense it makes sense so in these expanded states of
consciousness which you enter when you meditate a lot when you do the
type of consciousness expanding experiences the question is when you
go to these states you can go to a lot of states we have many ways to
go into different expanded states of consciousness in this day and
age, much easier than ever. How much of it can you actually bring back
and how much of it actually changes permanently? The greater the delta
is between the expanded state of consciousness and our standard
operational state of consciousness the harder it's going to be to
return because you're going to see oh my god i saw what it can be like
and this is where i am oh wow this is going to be a lot of work.

Some people develop patterns of addiction to return back to these
states with the mechanisms or tools that take them there, without ever
changing the standard over time permanently. So our standard way of
consciousness and our frequency, as you said, our daily frequency
wants to establish and change consistently. And as this changes, our
way of seeing reality changes as well.

I start to see everything more non-dually. I start to see purpose in
everything. I start to see everything more non dually I start to see
purpose in everything I start to see everything is connected to
everything and everything is supporting everything and no matter how I
feel about something no matter what my mind brings is an evaluation or
a thought or an interpretation of the moment, if I can just be in a
state of observation and presence, I can be with that moment no matter
how hard it is.

So that is some of the greatest teachings of the self-realization
journey. Beautifully said. Beautifully said.

Now, Asil, I want to see if we can do a little bit of a channeling
session here today we probably can so can you talk to uh tell
everybody what your process is um how you do it and what you feel when
you're doing it like are you there you're not there do you remember
when you come back? You see everything? How does it work for you?

so I'm considered an energy channel, okay, so there is in the spectrum
of trans channeling there is everything from intuition the lightest
form to full body possession Like a Siberian shaman being taken over.
Or like Seth back in the day. For example.

Yeah. Right. So, which means spirit controls the entire body.

The host has no recollection of what happened and they don't have
literally control. So that's why we call it a possession, not an
embodiment. An embodiment, I still have agency.

Right. And that possession is with permission. Correct.

Yeah. So I allow... Possession, it's a loaded word.

Exactly. So I allow the possession to happen, and I just don't have
agency. The other side has agency to separate.

Does that make sense? Yes. So where are you?

I'm in embodiment states. Okay. So in the embodiment state my upper
body is operated and I can interrupt and disconnect at any point I'm
fully conscious but my consciousness is separated almost like I'm
viewing myself from you know six feet behind sure and so I'm in this
state of just observing as the words are coming through I don't even
know what they're going to say I only see the next word And so I'm in
this state of just observing as the words are coming through.

I don't even know what they're going to say. I only see the next word
formulating and coming through. It's like a stream of consciousness.

Exactly. Okay. And my body goes through, you know, this energy body
was developed and established into what I would consider like a
technology that extended the hardware.

So they can actually deliver incredible amounts of energy through this
form. So the word channeling, the spoken channelings are just 2% of my
work. The true work happens in the energetic channeling and the type
of energetic adjustments that the guides deliver to the audience and
to the people that are part of this journey and and even people
watching this yes from now they will feel something hundred percent
okay and you and how does it make you feel physically when you're done
you weaken or you ergs are energized I'm energized yeah it doesn't
drain you not anymore in the beginning it used to because again the
Delta of their energetic connection or the energetic frequency they
hold versus where my standard was was so wide that in the returning, I
was exhausted.

Of course. Right? But over time, as my body developed, when I connect,
it's no longer depleting.

It feels energizing. Beautiful. All right.

And are they going to, is it going to be Emmanuel or is it going to be
the guide? So first, it'll be the Elohim, most likely, because they
come in to give like a wide perspective and a preamble kind of thing.
And then Emmanuel comes in to answer questions, but he may also have a
couple words to say beforehand.

He's an emcee. He's the emcee. He's an ambassador, right?

He's a spokesperson. Very kind, very loving. And he has had human
experiences, so he can relate to the human experience, to the human
condition.

Right. And that's very specific. That's something that doesn't happen
often.

Correct. A lot of times, energies that come through or consciousness
has come through have never had an incarnation. Yes.

Human or otherwise. Yes. And you know what's fascinating is he
actually had to go through the same experience that we had to go
through.

He had no recollection that he was an angelic being having a human
experience. Interesting. So he's an angelic being or a soul?

He's an angelic being. So there are angelic beings that have
incarnations. Yes.

They get like an exceptional pass occasionally. But archangels don't
do it they don't enter into the incarnation michael and yeah metatron
are not coming down no not in this form not in this form but what's
fascinating to me is the deduction that i had from that is anyone you
interact with could be an angelic being in disguise you wouldn't know
isn't that a beautiful thought that is an absolute well i think i've
met a couple of them along the way yeah i bet you did because they
they seem to be um a lot of times they're there for somebody looking
for help and when you give them the help there's just this shine in
their eye they're like you passed you know these kind of kind of
things you run into um first the first thing that popped in my head
when you said angelic beans, having human experiences, Nicolas Cage
and City of Angels. You know, it was like an angel who wanted a human
experience to be with his love.

Yes, you know, it that wings of a wing of wings of desire. The
original French Oh, yeah. Yeah, which is so good.

Peter Falk. Oh, so good beautiful oh so good sorry I can geek out
forever I apologize I love all right so my body will go through
convulsions and contractions the energy center of the body is just
below the navel so that's what's called the Hara in Japanese or the
Dan Tian in Chinese or the sacral chakra and like Indian traditions
and interestingly enough the guides are utilizing the existing
energetic network that's in my body and the contractions build an
energy for my system to be ready. And then there's a connection and
that's when they start.

Okay, so my hands will go into like different mudras. I don't control
that. It's just opening certain energies and tuning in a certain way
and so on.

But once you settle in, you settle in. It's not like, yeah, from what
I've seen, there will be very subtle movements, you know, just to not
be like very robotic, because they also want this to be relatable for
other humans, rather than a human having an experience with a statue.
Fair enough.

Right. Fair enough. Yeah.

Okay. All right. All right.

Let's rock and roll. Greetings. We are Elohim.

This journey that you have embarked on as a human being is in a great
transformational process. You are recognizing that you are
significantly more than the individualized life that you have been
living. This identity that has formed in this current timeline allows
you to perceive life in a specific angle in specific circumstances.

Yet, the soul that you are has lived many lifetimes and perceives life
in significantly expanded ways. The part of your soul that is able to
perceive life and reality from this non-dual perspective can and will
be activated as the energies on this earthly plane rise. Your
perception of reality and your experience of reality will, as a result
of this, change.

Yet not without challenge. The mind itself, the conditions, the
perspectives, the unprocessed past, will desire to be understood and
realized, so you can truly hold the expanded states of consciousness
that are fueled by the rising energies of this earth. You are
significantly more than you perceive to be.

As the complexities of your being would overwhelm and challenge the
mind, only the most necessary aspects of reality will be delivered to
your conscious awareness. Yet, this, too, is an expansion, and your
conscious awareness is capable of perceiving more than it used to,
through practice, through presence. Your perception of reality
expands.

Your perception of reality expands. Your perception of self expands.
You start to notice the infinite nature, even in its temporary nature,
holds endless moments chained together for true exploration and
realization.

The ascension process of humanity will carry an accelerated process
for all humans. Changes are part of life, yet the accelerated nature
of change will challenge the mind, the heart, وحياتك وكذلك المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة والمنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة
المنطقة المنطقة المنطقة المن Delivery. Delivery.

There is a word of encouragement, of empowerment, of possibility. That
you are not alone, that you as you understand that you are being given
the power to become a conscious creator of your own. being uplifted to
become a self-realized soul in human form, that you as a
representative of the human consciousness collective are carried, are
held through its maturation process a moment of silence a moment of
presence will lead to moments of observation will lead to realizations
and will lead to a greater alignment within a strength within, a
strength that is yours, a resilience that is yours, to carry you
through life, for you to carry others, to support each other in this
great transformational time in human existence.

Thank you for listening to our words. Greetings, my name is Emmanuel.
You have witnessed and wondered the purpose of life, the meaning of
life.

You have ventured, you have sought, you have asked questions, you have
consulted spirit, you have consulted masters and ancestors. Yet here
you are, still wondering, which external source will give you a
satisfying answer, an answer that the mind will allow to be true, a
perspective that will be the next puzzle piece for the full picture.
Yet truth is not delivered.

Truth emerges from within. All external sources are merely an impulse.
The internal truth that emerges comes with a great silence that
establishes.

Therefore, even these words that you receive are merely supporting
mechanisms for you to find the greater truth and silence within, a
true understanding of life, of reality, and of this existence, a
peace, a connection to this love of existence, that provides for all
of creation. You are consistently provided and held by this
unconditional love. Yet it is yours to make it consciously available,
consciously present, so that you can carry that power with you in all
your thoughts, emotions, in all your actions, in this reality, in this
form, so you can be true vessels of love.

Thank you for listening to my words. I will now answer some of your
questions. Thank you so much for being here, Manuel.

My first question is, what do you and the guides see for humanity's
future in these coming five to ten years, as far as spiritually, and
also just as far as what we are in for. The future exists in fields of
probability. Therefore, every aspect of the moment that allows for the
free will of humans to come together will expand into the probable
future.

If the future was set, it will diminish the understanding of free will
and true choice as an evolving consciousness. Therefore, your choice
in the moment creates the future to come. Yet certain movements and
certain extrapolations of the current state of consciousness can be
drawn.

Therefore, certain futures are more likely to happen than others.
Humanity is undergoing a great challenging transformation, a
maturation of its consciousness, an evolution, an ascension process.
All aspects of the unprocessed past will be brought to surface, will
be brought to surface will be brought to conscious awareness and some
will be brought to manifestation in order to be consciously observed
and processed.

Healing occurs in many different ways, on a mental, emotional,
physical, energetic level. On a consciousness level, realizations can
be processed most effectively. Yet the reality that you're
experiencing, the ecosystems that you have established, the perception
you have held about what life is, what reality is, about what society
is, about what the future is in itself a spark for transformation.

Great polarization will lead to healing, to transformation within the
individual and within the societal fabric. Healing occurs on an
individual level. Therefore, every individual's healing contributes to
their growth and to the growth of all of those that have been in
connection in connected lifetimes, current or past.

Society heals and evolves with every individual's evolution.
Therefore, hold the future with a sense of potential. the future with
a sense of potential.

Allow yourself to own the choices you have. Allow yourself to process
the past through your consciousness in silence and presence so that
you can be part of the transformation, the evolution of humanity
without being part of the manifestation of the unprocessed past.
Change can occur in a moment of deep presence.

Just like this, you evolve by feeling the energy of this transmission,
by allowing your consciousness to expand, by realizations to emerge
within your being. What else can I answer for you? What is the
greatest challenge that humanity has in these next 10, 20 years that
we have to overcome for this evolution, this ascension?

The understanding that you are experiencing the illusion of separation
while being an interconnected collective of consciousness. The
understanding that you hold the power in this life and all aspects of
this reality respond to you as a soul and as a consciousness, creating
this reality into being. This will at first challenge the ego
construct.

It will challenge the identity you have held. It will challenge the
fabric of society, as you have not fully held this power before in a
conscious way. The transformation of this power from an unconscious
state of being to a conscious state of being, we refer to as becoming
a conscious creator.

It is similar in designation to the self-realization process of the
individual. What else can I answer for you? What is the deeper purpose
of Earth within the cosmic framework?

Earth serves as a platform, as an incubation space for seeded
consciousness. In this case, it is in service to humanity's
consciousness to evolve until its maturation. After the completion of
this human form, Earth will serve as an incubation space for other
forms of consciousness.

Yet until that is the case, humanity will continue to call Earth its
home. It is deemed to be a safe, nurturing, loving space that
challenges consciousness enough for consciousness to evolve. Yet the
maturation of consciousness is not guaranteed, as consciousness,
through its own choosing, its own perceiving, will evolve, mature and
ascend, completing the physical human form.

The earth, therefore, serves a powerful role, both as a representative
of unconditional love, as a symbolic form, as a mother, as a caring
environment, as well as the greatest challenge that you will
experience. She is both the fertile ground and the teacher. She is the
example.

Many learnings and realizations will be derived by observing nature
and the earth. Yet, the understanding of who you are continue beyond
the earth. In the great scope of consciousness evolution, there are
many planetary forms like the earth that are serving in similar ways
to be incubation and learning environments for consciousness.

Just like this physical experience on Earth, many other physical
experiences have served consciousness for millions of years. Humanity
is one of the recent humanity is one of the recent and therefore
younger forms of consciousness. Earth has served other forms before
this human collective and will continue to serve after the human
collective is complete.

What else can I answer for you? How can individuals move beyond ego-
driven desires to realize their true self? No matter how powerful, how
fulfilling, how uplifting external circumstances will be to the ego,
the soul will always direct you to a different truth.

Therefore, many individuals that have achieved the ego-driven desires,
will recognize that the true peace and content within their being is
still missing. And with time, this lack, this gap, will significantly
amplify and request a different approach. No desire of the mind, no
want that the external reality can provide, will satisfy the soul's
calling for self-realization.

A new journey, the journey of self-realization, the journey of
becoming a conscious creator will unfold before you and every human
will be given the choice to choose to fulfill their moment with
desires and wants. To fulfill the moment with silence and expansion of
consciousness. The self-realization journey is not merely about
overcoming this physical reality and the illusion that it provides.

It is also about appreciating this reality, yet understanding that all
these elements of this reality carry no significant importance in the
grand scheme of the human evolution as a consciousness. They are
merely moments of learning and experience. What else can I answer for
you?

How can humanity overcome the resistance and challenges that will
arise during this consciousness shift that we're all going through.
Individuals will notice that the trust that they have laid in reality
and their leadership, as well as the trust in others and society, will
be challenged. will be challenged.

This will create a form of disillusionment, disheartenment, emotional
response of the many times that trust was broken. Yet where in this
journey did the individual give away its own power? Where did it lose
its own trust in self, in its own connection to reality, to life, to
existence itself, to the unconditional love of creation.

Humanity will learn through these challenges as the state of
consciousness to face these challenges is shifting as well. Many
individuals as well as subgroups of humanity will provide different
perspectives on how to approach the upcoming challenges. Yet,
perspectives are merely one step.

can be divisive. Perspectives can be held as true and false.
Perspectives can challenge unification and true peace.

Yet if perspectives held with great reverence that all perspectives
have certain truth and that all perspectives combined deliver the
totality of truth. Then humans as a collective will journey towards
unification, towards a collective understanding, towards collective
co-creation. You are all in the same journey.

You are all in a collective evolutionary process. in a collective
evolutionary process. Therefore, everyone's transformation is your
transformation, and your transformation will affect everyone else.

This is the way an individual carries truly the key to the
transformation of all of humanity. What else can I answer for you? Do
you have any parting messages for the audience?

Remember that no matter how big the challenge is, if you sit and allow
yourself to be truly present with the challenge. Allow yourself to
see, to witness, to feel, to sense, to observe in as much of a neutral
state as possible. The energy will emerge and you will find peace.

At first you will find this process incredibly challenging. You will
seek to act immediately, respond. You will seek external reality to
change so you can have your comfort and your peace.

Yet the true transformation occurs within. And this is the journey of
empowerment that you are being gifted with, that you are being
supported on. are being gifted with that you are being supported on
thank you for listening to my words and blessings on the journey ahead
he's back more or less more or less how was that sir great yeah yeah
it's always amazing.

Yeah. How do you remember much or not much? Pieces?

Yeah. Yeah. Dreamlike core pieces.

Yeah, exactly. A bit like a dream. Yeah, that's, I hear that a lot.

Yeah, it's I always have such an awe about it. And the energy was
really interesting. Yeah.

Yeah. So when the Elohim came in their energy was very authoritative
peaceful loving but just strong when Emmanuel came in it was very kind
and familiar almost like a friend kind of energy it was very very
different frequencies that's a good observation very similar how other
people have described it I used to say that Emmanuel was like a big
brother to me and he kind of like held my hand and you know people
have described it i used to say that emmanuel was like a big brother
to me yeah and he kind of like held my hand and you know said
everything's going to be okay don't worry we got you so that's kind of
like that developed this relationship or relational dynamic with
emmanuel that's beautiful that's beautiful uh now i see i going to ask
you a few questions. Ask all my guests.

Let's do it. What is your definition of living a fulfilled life? In
some ways, I believe when we journey to find greater peace within and
greater love within, and we actually get to those places, the only
thing that remains while we are being in human form is service.

So if we can get to a place of service from that fueled unconditional
love and peace, then I do believe that is the greatest fulfillment of
a human experience. Beautiful answer. Now, if you had a chance to go
back in time and speak to little Asil, what advice would you give him?

It's all going to be okay. That's the most common answer. It's so
true.

And it is so true, right? It's like everyone wishes they had that
voice. Yeah.

Everyone wishes that some guidance was there to hold them through it.
But the truth is, it was there all along. It was right there.

It was right there. Otherwise, we wouldn't be here. How do you define
God or source?

Oh, man, there's so many definitions and so many different layers of
understanding this word. So in my perspective, there is design in this
creation and there is forms of consciousness that have great creative
ability. There are creator consciousnesses that have great creative
ability.

They are creator consciousnesses that have basically established
creations of such magnitude we cannot even fathom. So worlds upon
creations upon universes upon universes, right? Massive creations.

And would I say they're God? Maybe in some form perspective, right?
Some people perceive any higher power than themselves as God.

So there's like anything higher is God, right? And so in that sense,
there is great power in consciousness. in consciousness and what i
perceive as the there's something that the guides called grand
consciousness and they say it's the dissolution of self-aware
consciousness so when consciousness forgets itself then it becomes
grand consciousness becomes part of the fabric of the love of creation
so in some, love of creation is what I would consider like the ever-
present.

Love is God. God is love. And what is love?

And what is love? What is love? Sorry.

In its purest form, unspeakable, indescribable, being one with all.
And what is the ultimate purpose of life? Evolution.

Specifically, the expression is human form, I think, supporting the
evolution in service. And where can people find out more about you and
the amazing work you're doing in the world? We have a non-profit
organization called Evolution One.

And evolution.one is the website. We have a YouTube channel. We have
significant amounts of free transmissions and workshops and retreats,
sacred site missions, so much that we offer.

And we want to make it as freely and widely available as possible,
because that's the guidance that we have. That's why we created a
nonprofit to do this work. And social media and our website, and I
hope people join to experience this work for themselves as we can go
to significant depths if we do like deeper level of courses with the
guides and workshops and so on and do you have any parting messages
for the audience?

Get ready. It's going to get potent. It's going to get intense.

And it's the time now to really make conscious effort to growth and
evolution. No other time. I mean, the second best time, aside from
yesterday, is today.

And really establishing a strong spiritual foundation is going to be
so valuable. It's going to be the greatest asset we can have. Because
everything else will not matter as much as it does today.

A lot of these constructs around us, these institutions, these ideas,
social constructs, are all going to start to crumble in ways that will
challenge every single human on this planet. Absolutely. To some
degree.

And new constructs will establish and so on and so forth. So there's
consistent churn. But the one thing that doesn't change that no one
can take away from you is how strong and so solid you are, how aligned
you are, how much capacity you have for the human experience.

And that is the resilience of the soul in human form. And I want
people to have that. That's like I want you to have that power because
it's yours.

Why not hold it and carry it with grace and with love? Asil, it has
been such a pleasure having you in the studio today, man. I knew this
was going to be a mind-blowing, profound conversation.

And you did not disappoint and neither did the guides and Manuel
everybody that everybody that was here today. The energy is so
beautiful and I appreciate you and everything you're doing to help
awaken this planet, my friend. So thank you again, so much.

Thank you, Alex. It's a pleasure to be here. And the work you've done
is opening a lot of doors for a lot of people as well.

So we are in the same boat and everyone that's watching is part of
this journey. And humanity is a lot of people and a lot of people will
need our support. So let's do it.

Appreciate you.