Okay, let's see. Chris just did a quick walkthrough of this deck and
we ended up, I bought one, he bought one, he bought one for me, I
bought one for him. Oh, the irony.

Anyways, this has really gotten me thinking about these archetypes and
personal archetypes, archetypes for our own archetypes. I mean,
there's the Jungian archetypes for our own archetypes. I mean there's
the Jungian archetypes, which I'm not sure what they are, but there's
also personal ones.

He talks about that in this book, about developing your own
archetypes. Now this is a beautiful deck, beautiful, beautiful deck,
beautiful, interesting to read and beautifully done. Now I'm going to
show you his archetypes very quickly.

And he explains what they are. And then I'm going to show you
something that I thought of. I just went for a walk and, well this
isn't working too well.

Is this stuck in? How's that? Oh that's bad.

So I'm just going to show you the archetypes. They're kind of mixed
up. They're not in order, but I don't think it matters matters you get
to do collage on if you want to make your own well he encourages you
to make your own so we'll just go through real fast not everyone
watches Chris's channel and not a lot of my people don't watch his
channel so I just want to show you this really fast Nick VanTek is the
one that wrote Sabine and Griffin the series so he's he's he's an
artist by training and then he he became a writer as he as he got
older so beautiful cards this is put out by Llewellyn, Awakener,
Midwife these are not Oracle cards he makes a point that these are
archetypes these are things Wakener, Midwife.

These are not oracle cards. He makes a point of that. These are
archetypes.

These are things you call upon when you're in difficult times or when
you're in happy times. It's, in a way, your inner resources. This is
what you're in.

These are his inner resources. And some of them would be common to all
of us. Maybe not the fixture, but in some way or other.

Starclimber. Warrior. Angel.

all of us maybe not the picture but in some way or other star climber
warrior angel healer the hypocrite, the wolf, the siren, the jester,
the demon, the reflector, the dreamer, the The Duende. The Alchemist.
This is the first card.

It's all done alphabetical so the book you can find what their
meanings are in the book. He also has allegories or stories with each
one of them. Magician.

Anima Animus, Mooncat, Eccentric, Falcon, Fatalist, Grace, Mobius,
Wanderer, Greenman, the Observer. That's on the cover. That's cool.

They're all wonderful pictures. The Strategist. The Survivor.

The Metamorph. Put that aside. The Illuminator.

The Trickster. The Innocent. The Inventor.

The Poet. The inventor. The poet.

The intimate. The sage. The arbiter.

What a gorgeous picture that is. The shadow diver. Chris read about
this one.

It's really interesting. And the Lion. Now, these are out of order.

They're usually alphabetical. So that's the deck. Now, I have
meditated for many years.

Over the years, I've meditated. Sometimes I'm into it. Sometimes I
fall out of it.

But I was telling Chris about I do have a metamorph. And that's when
it's half of one thing and half of another. And this metaphor, I have
a metaphor, metaphor, fourth, metaphor, in my arsenal of sparse
archetypes, and that's a squirrel with a Robert De Niro head.

I was telling Chris about how I came up with that. It came to me,
actually, and how it has helped me in my life. And it's about facing
fears.

And for me, it's a squirrel with a Robert De Niro head. I can't
explain these things. These are just archetypes, you know.

But that's the same archetype as he picked. So the thing is, I was
walking today, and I had an idea. He has exercises in his book to come
up with your own archetypes that you can use, that you can have at
your disposal during your life in the real world.

And because of my experience with my squirrel, I definitely felt like
it has definitely improved my life, that squirrel. Looks like hair,
but that's a pencil knife. So I was in the barn, and he has some
exercises to develop your own archetypes, and I think I'm going to do
it in collaging, but then I started looking around the barn and
thinking about objects and either how they could be an archetype for
me or how they could help me with whatever I need help with, which
then may lead me to developing the archetype.

So I'm going to show you what I have. The first one I saw when I was
walking in the barn was this one, this young lady here. This is
obviously a ragdoll, a ragdoll right here.

I don't know if you see that. I know she fits in this way. A ragdoll.

And when I was walking around the barn, I say, I need something for
creativity. I need a creative archetype. And my eyes fell on her, and
I said my god this is her you know with these funny little pants she
wears on and a great smile on her face and love and that just screams
creativity to me so there's my creative archetype now I'm not sure if
she'll stay that way but this is at least opening the door and what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna take a picture of her and he suggests working
in black and white to start out with so I'm gonna take a picture of
her and make some copies not they're gonna she's gonna be shrunk down
to size and I'm gonna use her in some of my collages so that'll be fun
so that's my creative archetype possibly Quite dirty from the barn.

Then I have... These are my prayer beads I made a long time ago. My
meditation beads.

And I love this necklace. Not necklace. It's just prayer beads that I
made.

And this is... This signifies meditation. But maybe it's reflection.

I don't know. I'm not sure. But when I was thinking about objects that
could either lead me to my archetype or be my archetype, because they
can be objects as well, I thought of this.

So this is my reflective or my learning archetype. I'm not sure, but
it's definitely in the mix. So at first I didn't know what kind of
archetypes I needed, and now I got all kinds of archetypes.

This one is, it was found in my yard, and I don't know if Chris found
it or someone else found it and gave it to me. It's very weathered and
broken. It's a wooden piece, and I don't know, it was in my yard when
someone was digging it up or doing mowing or something.

I don't know, but it came into my house somehow, and it was from my
yard outside here, the other house that I have. And I thought of this
when I was walking. I said, oh, this is resilience.

This is my resilience archetype, or maybe it will lead me to my
resilience archetype. So that's that. And then one last one I'm going
to use and this is a picture I did a long time ago and I can't
remember the woman's name.

I wrote it down here. It's in here I think. This is a mixed-media
piece that I did quite a while ago.

No this is not it. This is another, this is no good. The picture of
the woman here is the woman, one of the women that died in that fire
in New York City where all the women died at the turn of the century
they were in the fabric the textile factory or and uh the whole thing
burned down and like all these women died that were mostly immigrants
and there's a picture of one of the ladies one of the young girls she
had come to the United States I don't know a few days before she found
a job right away because you know they they weren't even paid
essentially and what they were paid I don't know what they were paid
and she was only in the country for a few days and she died in the
fire uh and I just thought that's I don't know what that is it's it's
it could be ancestor or it could be an ancestor archetype or it could
be a a grief I'm thinking some kind of working through grief or
sadness kind of archetype that would work through it maybe.

But I am going to use her, I think, in some kind of way in my stories,
in my collages. I look at this collage now, it's so underdeveloped,
but is still the colors are very nice so this is what I have for
potential archetypes or if not like your archetypes themselves that
will lead me to my archetypes so I'm really excited about this now the
plan is to involve this with my art in other words I'm going to take
photographs of these and cut them up and put them in collages. And
then consider, you know, what I want to use them for.

It's like the theme of the collage. So when I'm done, I'll have a
beautiful deck like this. Just like his.

Now it won't be like his, obviously, because it's a different kind
of... But I mean, you know, do something that's a collage. I mean, his
are all collages, so that'd be cool.

So that's my current thinking about my next project. I finished up If
Flowers Were Cake, and that's available now on Amazon. I'll put a link
below if people are interested in buying the book.

It comes in e-book and paperback and that's, I'm trying to get it in
hardcover, but I don't know. I'm having problems with that. So I don't
know.

This, this thing here has been really interesting. This is really
interesting. And he's very much, I mean, he doesn't say, he goes, this
is not, you don't ask questions.

It's not about asking questions. It's not about knowing about the
future. It's about self-discovery more than anything else and
discovering your own archetypes that you can then use in your everyday
life.

I don't know. I think it's really interesting, and I'm quite taken by
it, and I hope to do some collages. And the collages that I'm going to
be doing now in the future, because I finished the book, the one book,
is I'm going to do them online.

I do believe I'll work with them online and you know kind of give you
my thoughts about what I'm doing and how why I'm doing it you know
whatever so that is that I'm trying to bring all this stuff together I
hope you found this interesting I think it's interesting but we'll see
how long it lasts but I have I'm excited about this okay have a great
day.